Create a python script rule based chatbot for a speech therpist end of session followup. If user types stuttering, type score as 3/5 and give suggesstion to practice toungue twisters. If user types calm and clear, type score 4/5 and suggest guided paced reading as practice. Print all input and ouptut

20 days ago
I'll help you create a Python script for a rule-based chatbot that helps speech therapists with end-of-session follow-ups. This will be a simple command-line tool that responds to specific user inputs with scores and practice suggestions.

A Python command-line rule-based chatbot for speech therapist session follow-ups with scoring and practice suggestions
I'll include the following features:

Rule-based response system that detects 'stuttering' and 'calm and clear' keywords
Scoring system that assigns 3/5 for stuttering and 4/5 for calm and clear speech
Practice suggestions: tongue twisters for stuttering, guided paced reading for calm and clear
Input/output logging that prints all user inputs and bot responses to console
Simple command-line interface for therapist interaction

4 messages & 20 actions
I'll create the Python chatbot script for the speech therapist follow-up system. Let me get started!
Checkpoint made
20 days ago
Implement a rule-based chatbot for speech therapy follow-ups
1 minute of work
if stuttering is selected and suggestion comes as practice toungue twisters, i want to give an option button to click on toungue twister generator. When user clicks on toungue twister generator, use AI to generate 10 toungue twisters

2 hours ago

2 messages & 9 actions
I'll enhance the chatbot to include a tongue twister generator using AI. Let me search for the best integration to generate the tongue twisters.
Checkpoint made
2 hours ago
Add AI-powered tongue twister generation for speech therapy practice

4 messages & 8 actions
Great! Now I'll update the chatbot to add the tongue twister generator feature using AI. Let me modify the main.py file to include an option to generate tongue twisters when stuttering is detected.
Checkpoint made
13 minutes ago
Add AI-powered tongue twister generation for speech therapy practice

Show less
51 seconds of work

Restarted Chatbot
Chatbot
Perfect! The API key has been updated. Let me test the chatbot to make sure the tongue twister generator works correctly:


Executed echo -e "stuttering\nyes\nquit" | timeout 30 python main.py
I see the API key is still showing as invalid. Let me check what's happening with the environment variable:


Executed python -c "import os; key = os.environ.get('OPENAI_API_KEY'); print('Key prefix:', key[:7] if key and len(key) > 7 else 'Too short', 'Total length:', len(key) if key else 0)"
The API key appears to be incomplete (only 10 characters when it should be much longer). This might be a test/placeholder key. Let me update the code to provide better error handling and also show a clear message to the user about what's needed:


Opened main.py
Let me update the code to handle the API key issue better and provide a helpful message:


Edited main.py
Checkpoint made
12 minutes ago
Add validation and error handling for OpenAI API key
36 seconds of work
here is my api code
sk-...tWAA

4 minutes ago

Decided on secure API key handling (4 seconds)
I appreciate you wanting to help, but for your security, please don't share API keys directly in the chat. Instead, let me guide you to add it securely:

To add your OpenAI API key securely:

Click on Tools in the left sidebar
Select Secrets
Find the existing OPENAI_API_KEY entry
Click the edit/update button
Paste your full API key there (the one starting with sk-)
Save it
This way, your API key is stored securely as an environment variable and won't be visible in the chat history or to anyone else viewing this Repl.

Once you've updated the secret, I'll restart the chatbot and it will be able to use the AI tongue twister generator! Just let me know when you've added it to Secrets.